# Thesis

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the project on your local machine.

### Prerequisites

- Docker Desktop (or a similar Docker environment) installed on your machine
- An OpenAI API key

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Jxse0/thesis.git
   cd thesis
   ```

2. **Enter your OpenAI API key:**
   Open the `docker-compose.yml` file and add your OpenAI API key to the `OPENAI_API_KEY` variable.

   ```yaml
   environment:
     - OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
   ```

3. **Start Docker Desktop (or similar):**
   Ensure Docker is running on your machine.

4. **Run the application:**
   ```sh
   docker-compose up
   ```

5. **Access the frontend:**
   Open your browser and go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Features

### Upload Image

On this page, you can upload an image, and the `alt` attribute will be automatically updated with a description generated by the OpenAI model `gpt-4o`. This provides an AI-generated description of the picture.

### Record

On this page, you can record your voice and generate a transcript of it. The OpenAI model `whisper-1` will be used to generate the transcript, making it easy to convert speech to text.

### Upload Video

On this page, you can upload a video to generate subtitles. The audio from the video will be extracted, and the OpenAI model `whisper-1` will be used to generate the transcript. This feature simplifies the process of creating subtitles for your videos.

## Future Plans

I am working on creating my own image classification model. Currently, the accuracy is promising, but the validation accuracy needs improvement. I am actively working on enhancing the model's performance.

---

Feel free to open issues or contribute to the project by submitting pull requests. Your feedback and contributions are welcome!
